hello there um I just wanted to make
this video because I've been watching a
lot of YouTube videos lately I've got a
lot of spare time so I've been watching
and a lot of those tricks and things
have helped me out so I wanted to share
with you a shrink a lot of trick but
something that I use and I know might
not work for you but some things that
I've seen have worked for me so probably
this will work for you and I see a lot
of people curling your eyelashes with
this eyelash curler and I'm pretty
feared of it I think I don't know just
feel like I want to pop an eye out and
and when I do it I don't like I don't i
just don't like how my eyelashes look
they just I know they seem smaller for
some reason they don't have the length
that I want so i just wanted to share my
secret with you and now use a spoon to
curl my eyelashes and i know it sounds
odd but that's what I use it's just a
regular spoon the only difference is up
I don't know if you can really see it
but the top of it is thin it's regular
spoons it's you know they have like a
thick point to it this one's really thin
so that's the only difference with this
spoon and if you can't find one like
that like this one would be really good
so I'm just going to show you I already
called my eyelash and from the sign and
I'm going to show you how I use the
spoon and how I curl my eyelashes and
maybe this will work for you so I kind
of grabbed this smell like that and
we're going to do this whole motion with
our thumb so I kind of grabbed my
eyelash from the outer part and kind of
go like that like kind of with a
sweeping motion
just go like that in and out I just I'm
not moving my eye I'm just touching my
eyelashes and sweeping them kind of like
sweeping them with the spoon tapping
sweeping motion just like that
and then there we go they're all done
and I know my camera is not really good
probably you can't see that well but I'm
ready to put my mascara on and I just
bought this one and it's a covergirl
LashBlast and its really really good i'm
um i like i like it i like the bristles
of this brush um it's a really good
mascara you know they're um it's
lengthening and it gives you fullness to
your lashes and I my eyelashes are not
really long and i know some people have
difficulty with that and um i wish i can
i can wear fake eyelashes every day but
I know I couldn't bear with it every day
so I just try and make the best out of
it so that's that and
I really like this mascara because it
gives you so much volume and length and
their girls and this is a one that
already good so um you can try a spoon
maybe works for you maybe you like the
way it looks and I really do so that's a
turn see the major difference and I
think eyelashes are really important
sometimes you just don't have makeup and
you have your eyelashes and I think it
really really makes a difference and I
like the way it looks so like that I
just want to share a little tip with you
and bye bye